ISSUE 1:
Mobility // GPS Trajectories
Consecutive stay at different locations without a go in between them should perhaps have a "go" deduced. This causes problems like:
- the way durations are calculated means that a stay ends the same time the next starts even when they are far apart.
- the number of moves is off, since there is clearly a move missing if there is a stay at work followed by a stay at home
Example day: Julia, 12th June. Phone died so no data between end of conference at DTU and start of party at home. Also doesn't pick up walks to playground and back so it looks like stay at home, stay at playground, stay at home without any moving.
Possible solutions:
- change how durations are calculated so that they end at the last point of current event rather than first of next.
- infer a move if there are two consecutive stays with different location ID's (then can use timing from other events when estimating a move)

ISSUE 2: RESOLVED
Mobility // Action range calculation > Mobility Zone 2
Change the action range of stays to max instead of centroid, then could pick up more of the mobility zone 2 entries.

ISSUE 3:
Stepcount // Daily totals
The stepcount sometimes seems to swing between 2 levels. This causes the cumulative sum to be thrown way up, since negative differences are ignored (to handle reboots setting to 0), leading to giant positive counts repeating every swing. Example: P03JJ around 27th Feb.

ISSUE 4: SHELVED
Stepcount // Daily totals
When watch data initialises, seems to start with one really high value before reseting and begining to count up. Need to filter this out. Examples: P06 and P07.
Notes: 
- doesn't affect cumulative sum, since first value is lost in process of counting "diff"

ISSUE 5:
Stepcount // Daily totals
Random outlier of a really high stepcount after long gap sets entire day into the 100k level. P08, watch data, around 27th March.

ISSUE 6: RESOLVED
Stepcount // Daily totals
Merge leaves out any dates that don't exist in both sets. Need an alternative that keeps all with NA's or similar.

ISSUE 7:
Stepcount // Patterns
Watch patterns identical for several days running with exact same times for nothing/zero steps. Example P08UH.

ISSUE 8:
Activity // Patterns
Recognised activity bouts are quite sparse in the pilot studies. It could be due to aggressive preprocessing, might be worth considering alternative approaches, eg:
- first remove all the "unkown/titing" data and then keep max, to ensure that an event of interest is prioritised over the others.
- filter all results with confidence < threshold (e.g. 50%) instead of keeping only max. 

ISSUE 9:
Activity // Sensor compare / plots
Need to adjust variable names so that it looks right in the plot. Also need to figure out how to have individual titles. 